I am here
do you need skype
i think its ok. you just operate the system.. if further instructions is not needed
ok.
give me account
raju@gmail.com
pass: raju
comapy admin -?
simon it's not working but it will update 

is this process okay?
wait


ok. i will send you one powerpoint to you
thnz for your effort and greate job
we need to do a lot more on system.

I think all of you rest well and we will do our best on tomorrow after meetings
simon as company staff-- They have the power to see all the RA Document under a checklist?
yes.
they are the person who really carryied out the task. don't worry take rest well. Because after tomorrow meeting, all of you will be tired to do the task.
This task must be finished in 7 days.
okay...
So save energy.
is this work relates with SRMS project?
yes
becasue of the some of the flow are not the correct way.
don't worry tomorrow i will provide you some document
if you don't mind host this one toyour server
okay...i have sent you 1 file.. 
yes
if this work flow is correct then we wil furnished our project .
partially fine. 

By the way, who know laravel framework
we don't work on this..
is this needed?
It is the PHP MVC framework.. if you are interested, you can study here.
https://laracasts.com/series/laravel-5-fundamentals/episodes/1?autoplay=true
okay..
anything else??
okay.then we will wait for your PPT file...
Thank you all, you all did some great job
. sometime real world are a bit crazy.
They are too demanding...
Good luck and good night
see you tomorrow
takee good rest

simon, if you dont mind, anything wrong?
fine don't worry bro. everything is alright. some miscommunication only and we can't give you clear requirment.
We are trying to give clear requirement.

We all need time to understand th requirement and understand each other. in the meantime, you all try your best to improve yourself. I don't mean you all are not good. People must improve day to day.

Now, we are in the stage of knowledge transfer and work culture transfer. What is the best way to transfer this to all of you?
Please propose.

We are like this video now. They also need time, we also need time

if you have seen this movie, please watch. I feel good
that'sll\
okay...as a team member if you feel somthing odd about us you can share with us to develop. 

I think fine. I face this problem b

Last company i have one outsourced team in myanmar. They and I faced the same issue that currently happen to you and me now.
What we did last time is we ask them what is the best way to transfer the culture and knowledge to them.

They proposed some method.

That's why i want to know from you what is the best way to solve this issue.
1) Training Session in SG
2) Training Session in BD

??

Which you prefer?
I don't have any perference. you should propsose
i create some issue
1) if SG then what to do?
2) if BD then we can make trainnig session in Bangladesh.

?
If SG, one person wil work together with us to get the knowledge and work culture and requirement gathering togehter
(May be 2week to 1 month long). This person need to train his team member when he come back.

if BD, one of our guy will be come down and work together with all of your team.

i (reza) want to training all of the members of team. for that i think training session BD is good. on the other hand,Collecting requirements is the core issue to ending a project 

Ok. I got this, what all of you want. we will try our best now and we will plan for this if we have opportunity and permission from Top management.

simon, i think on the way you give us requirement is correct and understable to us. 

your screen shot is very helpful to us. i think comunication is good but some time requirement changes has gone through us in a haphazard. but i think it will be fine and comunication is much okay for us.

OK. that's all for now. take rest.
okay, anything else?
see you tomorrow 4 pm BDT? am i right?
yes..

I try to send as much as scrrenshot before 3pm BDT
okay
good night all
good night bye
bye
 


